Semantic Notes

The only types are int char and bool.

There is no conversion or coercion between types such as between ints and bools 
or bools and ints.

There can only be one function with a given name. There is no function overloading. 
The function name space is the same as the variable name space so a function and 
a variable cannot have the same name in the same scope.

The STRINGCONST token translates to a fixed size char array.

In if statements the else is associated with the most recent if. The grammar 
allows for ambiguous associations between else and if. In your assignment you 
will have to fix this.

Expressions are evaluated in order consistent with operator associativity and 
precedence found in mathematics. Also, no reordering of operands is allowed.

A char occupies the same space as an integer or bool. This is an artifact of the 
virtual machine.

A string is a constant char array.

Initialization of variables can only be done with expressions that are constant, 
that is, they are able to be evaluated to a constant at compile time. 
For this class, it is not necessary that you actually evaluate the constant 
expression at compile time. But you will have to keep track of whether the 
expression is constant. Type of variable and expression must match (see
exception for char arrays below).

Array assignment works. The source array is copied to the target array. 
If the target array is smaller the source array is trimmed. 
If the target array is larger all the source elements are copied and the 
remainder of the target is zero filled (this is false in bool, and end of 
string in char). There is hardware support for this.

  To be clear, assignment of a string (char array) to a char array works as if it 
  is any other array assignment. It will not overrun the end of the lhs array. 
  If it is too short it will pad the lhs array with null characters which are 
  equivalent to zeroes.

Passing of arrays is done by reference implemented as pointers. Functions cannot 
return an array, but they can modify the content of an array passed in.

Array comparison works. There is hardware support for this.

Assignments in expressions happen at the time the assignment operator is 
encountered in the order of evaluation. The value returned is value of the rhs 
of the assignment. Assignments include the ++ and -- operator. That is, the ++ 
and -- operator do NOT behave as in C or C++. NOTE: assignment does NOT occur 
in a simpleExpression without enclosing parens.

The initializing a char array to a string behaves like an array assignment to 
the whole array.

Initializing an array to a scalar constant fills the array with that constant.

Function return type is specied in the function declaration, however, if no type 
is given to the function in the declaration then it is assumed the function does 
not return a value. To aid discussion of this case, the type of the return value 
is said to be void, even though there is no void keyword for the type specifier.

Code that exits a procedure without a return 
  returns a 0 for an function returning int and 
  false for a function returning bool and 
  a blank for a function returning char.

All variables, functions must be declared before use.

// Not all years
The for loop is a simple loop for going through all the elements of an array. 
It takes two ID's of the same type, 
   the first of which is a scalar and 
   the second is an array. 
It successively assigns each element of the array to the scalar. It opens a new 
scope at the keyword for and the first ID is declared in the new scope to be of 
the type of the array on the right of the in.
Note the array is not an expression it is simply an array.
